improve GETTING_STARTED.md (#32)
spryker-dev/prompt-library: GETTING_STARTED.md

#### 🚀 Step 1: Install with Script

Run our automated setup script to install dependencies and generate your configuration:

```bash
bash <(curl -s https://raw.githubusercontent.com/spryker-dev/prompt-library/main/bin/setup-prompt-mcp)
```

This script will:
- ✅ Install `uv` if not already present
- ✅ Detect the correct paths automatically
- ✅ Generate ready-to-use MCP configuration
- ✅ Test the installation

#### 📋 Step 2: Copy Configuration to IDE Settings

After running the script, you'll see a configuration like this:

```json
{
    "mcpServers": {
        "spryker-prompts": {
              "command": "/path/to/uvx",
              "args": [
                "--from",
                "git+https://github.com/spryker-dev/prompt-library",
                "prompt-mcp"
              ]
        }
    }
}
```

**Copy this configuration and add it to your IDE's MCP settings.**

##### Where to Add Configuration:

| IDE/Tool | Configuration Location | Configuration Key |
|----------|----------------------|-------------------|
| Claude Desktop | Settings → MCP Servers | `mcpServers` |
| VS Code | Extension Settings | `mcp-server` |
| Other IDEs | Check IDE documentation | Varies |

> > **Important**: Some IDEs use different configuration keys. If `mcpServers` doesn't work, try `mcp-server` or check your IDE's documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Important**: Some IDEs use different configuration keys. If `mcpServers` doesn't work, try `servers` or check your IDE's documentation.
```
